---
title: 07/11/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /07/11/16/
source-id: 1d64m3hmgf3zlZJLAovGVigLUcwWyhnXVKyn8iTHO6_o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>07/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>_____</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To improve on our blogs and add in a table</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hi Guys!!
Today I learnt by taking on what our teacher was talking about and using this information to improve my blog (Auditory). I found this very helpful as now my blog looks very good in my eyes.
Get in there!!!!!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I now regret not taking notes… (Idiot). If I had taken notes I would have been able to remember everything Mr Keen said and put it all into my blog. Even those little things that will make it a tiny bit better. But hey, a bit better is better than nothing, Right??
Also I think we could have had some more time at our computers. I mean we are in a Computing Lesson??</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like I said before, I NEED TO TAKE SOME NOTES!!!! Having these notes will make my blog better, my understanding better etc. Also I need to think a bit harder as when the table coding was put up on Google Classroom (and by the way it has a password so all you hackers out there can think again), I was still copying it off the board instead of copying and pasting it! 
Anyway my next blog will be out on Monday so have a nice time fans and Cyaaa!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


