---
title: 22/02/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /22/02/16/
source-id: 169dkvSDE2pZwCQz0AmsLJEWIhmn-VAdCqKe1OTp5VDA
published: true
---
**_Media Navigator Blog_**

Today we had a very interesting and different lesson in I.T. We went around the classroom to look at the identity maps people had created over the half term. We commented our ideas on a piece of paper by the side of the map on whether it was good and bad. We wrote this anonymously just like it would be on some social media.

1)When creating my identity map it was surprisingly very fun and interesting and I enjoyed it a lot. When finished I thought I had done a very good job.

2)When sharing my identity map with the class in this way I felt excited as I wanted to see what people thought of it but also quite worried as I didn't want anyone to write any 'hate’ about it.

3)It felt very realistic and good to be able to comment on other people's identity maps as it felt just like 'Instagram’ or something among the lines of that.

4)In my opinion I felt the way we chose to do it was better as it made you more intrigued to know who commented what afterwards on your identity map.

5)When reading through my comments I wasn't really surprised by any of them as they were all quite positive and nice to read.

6) There are many similarities from the process of doing this the same as not seeing somebody's but the main differences are: You can tell who wrote what by either asking or looking at their handwriting. You will not be able to do this on social media as the fonts are all the same and even if you ask the person who they are they are most probably going to fake or lie about it.

7)My identity map didn't really make me think what I am going to post more or less of things as when I post on social media, it’s when the moment just comes to me when I should post that picture.

8)I don't think there is much I really want to change about my social media accounts online. Presently I am happy about my accounts and profiles shown to other people about me and my life.

9)I think the six lessons we had changed my view on social media quite a lot. This was because before all I could think of was all the negatives of social media but now I know there are also lots of negative for instance: Being able to follow your idol and keep up to date on what they are doing so you can try and be like them.

10)Now I have had these six lessons on social media I think I am going to post a more variety of pictures and express my day to day life more as I don't post very often.

Overall I think these six weeks have been very helpful to me as I have gained so much more knowledge of the subject of 'Social Media' and I can walk away knowing all the dangers but also the goods of having social media.

