---
title: 13/06/17
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /13/06/17/
source-id: 1gAyz4gR4XndYT6L3ysVs2ZikHUx8BPEt_9gQRElK2wI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 16</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach My Target?</td>
    <td>No as I could have completed more levels than I did.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>29% through 'Python' on Codecademy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as far as we could on it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson, the hints given by codecademy were very useful and most of the time helped me to solve levels that I wouldn't have been able to solve without these. In this lesson, I also think I was more persistent with my work than usual, covering the levels more independently which will help more in the long term with my coding skills.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the main reason that limited be in progressing through the levels was the amount of off-task chatter I had with the peers around me.If we constantly talked about codecademy and yow to solve the levels I think I would have progressed significantly more. This is a habit I will try to work on next Tuesday.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week, I will include screenshots of my badges that I got. Unfortunately this week I received no new badges, therefore there is a strong chance that I will get one next week. Like I said above, I will reduce the level of chatter I am doing which should help me with my levels more. See you guys next week!!
Peace x</td>
  </tr>
</table>


