---
title: 26/09/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /26/09/16/
source-id: 15dSZkzl9XebrUd1QsX07vyUDKClJMB11F5TPKwfat3A
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Coding Book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To continue with the coding which we did in the week on raspberrypi.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sam and I learnt by following the simple instructions shown in the book to create our coding games/projects. I think we worked together very well with one person reading out what to do and the other processing this onto the computer. The good thing about this was when somebody made a mistake the other person was always there to correct them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>There was one thing that limited our learning quite a lot in this lesson. We were unable to save our work as we did not have a memory stick to save it onto as all of our work was on different fuze boxes. This was a real let down because we worked very hard in the lesson completing around 3-4 projects.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cut down on my chatter as I think we could have maybe completed 1 more project if we hadn't as talked as much. I also thought I skimmed through the book a little fast therefore not being able to gain as much knowledge as if I read it thoroughly. This will be helpful in the long term as I will be able to remember most of the stuff I read  </td>
  </tr>
</table>


