---
title: 05/06/17
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /15/05/17/
source-id: 1Fox8bnV3wLKg3j9kjIr-pW9zG2N7uFY1BAbOsT_UtzM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 15</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach My Target?</td>
    <td>Yes as I completed as many levels as I could have </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>23% through 'Python' on Codecademy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as far as we could on it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Once again, I learnt by using various hints shown by the instructors on codecademy. Sometimes these hints were not good enough for me to write the code, therefore I looked on other websites to find hints that I could use. Overall I think I progressed well this week, and felt it helped my learning significantly. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning this week was probably down to the difficulty of the levels. As I am now quite far into it, levels are starting to become much more harder to complete therefore myself progressing  a bit slower. However, I still got quite a lot done and was pleased with the way I worked this week.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week, I will ask my peers around me more for advice instead of looking on the internet for it as this will be a much faster and efficient way of progressing through the levels of 'Python'. As well as this,I think I need to make my code a bit more in depth and take more screenshots which I can show on this blog. Keep updated for next week's blog!!!
Peace x</td>
  </tr>
</table>


