---
title: 12/09/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /12/09/16/
source-id: 1TnpAGqjmj3568XkJD0ggIhnWoXazljwaTMjvq2HAD9g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Year 7 Summarisation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Year 7 Recap:</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Last year in Year 7 we looked at several topics but mainly on coding. We used the coding website 'Scratch' and also ‘BBC Microbit’. We created games on both of these coding websites. Personally I enjoyed the Scratch coding more as when you played game it had graphics unlike BBC Microbit. Also I really enjoyed making Pac Man. Finally for the last few weeks of the year we looked at the subject of ‘Revenge Porn’ and how it affected people.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think if I did some extra coding work back at my house it would have increased my knowledge of the topic much more and I would have been able to come into lessons knowing more than everybody else did. I would have a head start in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve my learning I think I could share my ideas more frequently as over the year I did not think I contributed to the lessons enough. This would help as both Mr Keen and others in the class could build on my point to make it even better and stronger. Hopefully I will be able to do this, this year in Year 8.   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


