---
title: 04/12/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /04/12/16/
source-id: 1-9a415kEK5uYqrEWN5wNBQRV3t6kuxF9bKeG0yEk-bc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 11</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>04/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach My Target?</td>
    <td>No because our computer did not work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Setting up our Fuze Box </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish the Fuze Book Instruction Manual</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today my partner and I, had to learn by trial and error because our monitor/fuze box/HMDI cable would not work. We tried it with many different combinations of these and sometimes it worked and sometimes it didn't (How annoying :(  )</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, it was pretty obvious to what limited my learning..
WE COULD NOT GET OUR FUZE BOX TO WORK!!!!  This was very annoying and even our teacher could not fix it so no learning of the Fuze Box could be completed this lesson which was a real let down because I was looking forward to this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I think my partner and I will try and get to a different monitor, therefore us being able to work efficiently without having to spend quite a lot of the lesson trying to work the computer. Next week I hope that my partner and I can have a better lesson and get some fun Fuze Box work completed and finished with a few edits by ourselves. Have A Good Christmas Guys!!!
Peace x</td>
  </tr>
</table>


