---
title: 27/06/17
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /27/06/17/
source-id: 1Oa7qCZvu3zeRi1WdXiGcEibrZECEKwsDjvMubUz9VEo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 18</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach My Target?</td>
    <td>Yes, as I think I worked quite hard</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>34% through 'Python' on Codecademy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as far as we could on it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt today by reading the instructions on Codecademy and I mainly used the hints given which especially helped me as the further and further I have got on 'Python' the harder the levels have got as you would expect. As well as this my partner Sam, also helped me quite a lot on some levels that I was stuck on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week I think my focus was very good as half of the class were not here as they were on a school trip so there were less people to distract me or to get distracted bt throughout the lesson. I think I could have worked a bit faster but the levels were pretty tricky so it was quite hard to advance in the lessons.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, will try and complete the tasks more independently as this will help my coding more in the long term. Although this will be harder and I will probably not complete as many levels it will be more efficient for the future. Keep tuned for next week's blog!
Peace x </td>
  </tr>
</table>


