---
title: 08/05/17
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /08/05/17/
source-id: 1VQV4EIGM7kL7m8Wi0lpbrCk24dah9F3FL92CIq8Cyqc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 13</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>08/05/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach My Target?</td>
    <td>Yes as I completed as many levels as I could have </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>4% through 'Python' on Codecadamy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as far as we could on it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this first I.T lesson after the break and was good to get back into normal routines. Today, I learnt by the tutorials and tips that were given on Codeacadamy on the particular exercise I was on. As well as this, when I was stuck after this, I asked the peers around me for some help which they did very well indeed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In my opinion, I think there wasn't really much that limited my learning today. The only thing I would say that I could have improved on is instead of just reading what to do then imputing it onto the screen, I could read around the code of it more and play around with it which would definitely enhance my coding skills.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will probably try to work with the people around a bit more and work together as if I think we had done this, we would have all got a lot further and been a lot more successful with all the levels. This will also be better as we can complete the work quicker and move onto the next section. Keep updated for next week's blog!!!
Peace x</td>
  </tr>
</table>


