---
title: 03/10/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /03/10/16/
source-id: 1JMoqCML6Gk27s0aU9sgtbV8H2IdNFDUZE4i-vb42LoY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>03/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Coding Book/Github Blog Page</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To continue with the coding which we did in the week before on raspberrypi. Also to improve our Github Page</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like last week Sam and I continued with our coding for the first 10 minutes. Luckily this week I remembered a memory stick so I was able to save my work!! For the rest of the lesson we learnt how to make our Github Website Pages better by looking at W3Schools and using what they did to put in our coding. We mainly learnt through reading and listening in this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I don't think there was much that limited my learning as like I said above this week we remembered our memory stick and most of the lesson was taking in information about our Blogs. The only thing I would say that limited my learning was where I was sitting as when Mr Keen was talking I couldn’t quite see everything shown on the board.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I think when Mr Keen is telling us about something that is useful I should take down notes as this will help me in my learning later so I can remember things for my blog and tests etc. Finally I think when I am helping somebody with their blog I need to avoid telling them the answer to what they are looking for rather than just giving them little hints so they can work it out for themselves. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


