---
title: 28/11/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /28/11/16/
source-id: 165d23J6Vr90kJ7_ddhG2m0h0z_P3o6nVNPcAYT6AxPk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 10</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach My Target?</td>
    <td>Unfortunately not as we worked too slow</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Project "Thinking Of A Number" coding </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish the Fuze Book Instruction Manual</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hi guys!! Yes i'm back with your weekly BLOGGG! Even better that it’s nearly DECEMBER!!!!
Today as usual we carried on with are Fuze Boxes which is always very fun. We learnt as per usual by reading tips and coding off the instruction manual. In my opinion, I found this much more interesting and enjoyable and find it more fun than other lessons such as in Year 7. We get to work independently in our own time which I prefer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning for this lesson was our monitor not working therefore myself and my partner not being able to work. Fortunately there was a working monitor spare which we were able to use but by then we had lost about 10 minutes of working time. Aren’t we unlucky boys??!! Anyway moving on other than that I think it was a good lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will DEFINITELY try to work A LOT FASTER!! My aim was to try to finish the booklet but because of my speed we were unable to. This was a real let down as we could not move on to the robotic arm which clearly would be very interesting. Next week my target is too definitely try to finish the instruction manual,
Peace x</td>
  </tr>
</table>


