---
title: 12/12/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /12/12/16/
source-id: 178vh9EWLHHeb80AGixLZEDmzLwc15V_IXupYqFDHrmw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 12</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach My Target?</td>
    <td>No because there was one more level that I wanted to complete.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Level 1 of LightBox programming </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as far as we could on it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This was our last lesson of I.T today and it was probably one of the funnest I had ever done as what we did, I found very interesting indeed. The whole off the lesson today our teacher did not teach us and give us any tips so we had to work out the coding for the game by reading the instructions/ working with others/ trial and error and many other things.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unfortunately, today on my computer the proper website was not working for me which was a real sham. Fortunately there was another website that had the same thing except that some of the levels were a bit different. However this website took quite long to find therefore resulting me in not getting as far as I wanted to on the levels.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will probably try to work with the people around a bit more and work together as if I think we had done this, we would have all got a lot further and been a lot more successful with all the levels. Next term we will be moving on to Drama so there will be no more blogs for awhile guys. :(   Happy Christmas!!!! 
Peace x</td>
  </tr>
</table>


