---
title: 21/11/16
layout: post
author: miles.groom
permalink: /21/11/16/
source-id: 1miBpnP4vS-iY_3YbY5K4t_FU67a__iwtCk6xNL9Bt4s
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>______</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn about Computational Thinking</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How Did I Learn? What Strategies Were Effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hi guys!! Yes i'm back with your weekly BLOGGG!!!
Today a man came into our lesson and talked to us about computational thinking. We learnt mostly by listening and writing notes on what he said throughout the lesson and at the end answering some questions that he ha set us. I think this lesson really taught me what it actually was and helped me for the future. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson I think I did quite well but maybe some of the time I was not paying full attention to what he was saying therefore losing out on some valuable information which I may have needed for another activity that we may have done later on in the lesson ( Luckily we did not!!!)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning? Targets?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I said just above I need to focus more. I will do this by keeping my eyes and ears fixed on the person speaking therefore there is a very slim chance that I will miss any information which would be good. However if there is a lot of talking I would want to take some notes so I don’t forget things.
I think this lesson was very helpful for me and a lot of the other people in our lesson.
Peace x</td>
  </tr>
</table>


